I want some custard gloucester also
gonna roll don't spit it back in there
but Jack walls Costin I should freaking
yummy hey guys all welcome to the milk
challenge as requested by no one we're
doing the milk challenge this is a
reboot of the original that was made in
2010 yeah 2010 we think and that's out
today oh he's just some bargain we
picked off the street all right buddy
yeah he's quite attractive they offered
me free milk so I decided to come along
as one of the milk selected the lid of
the milk so much calcium I know you oh
yeah gusting hmm look a like halfway I
don't ever want to drink what are we
drinking so much milk that it's gotta
look a little a bit when I do is go to
like this now so yeah haha oh I'm like
freaking scared to put this in my mouth
not like this no not like this full of
milk and I was on it and I'm going to
let you get your probly sakes and is
very only solution to this is
look it's clogging up my asshole my time
to shine so hey guys um my voice kind of
changed since all this milk just
happened pretty much this is all my
vomit that might be like a dot or two of
Anthony's and Jack spit but yeah well
done in look at my shoes I'll be
beautiful beautiful shoes vomit covered
smells why would you smell it i forfeit
this is I'm pushing out you can put nan
cat-like right beside me on my shoulder
and say I'm a pussy cuz I just pussy
down
you
make sure you like subscribe and comment
this video and share it got home